#EXTM3U
#EXTINF:-1, Arizona Coyotes
http://retsports.com/nhl/Coyotes.php
#EXTINF:-1, Vancouver Canucks
http://retsports.com/nhl/Canucks.php
#EXTINF:-1, Detroit Red Wings
http://retsports.com/nhl/Wings.php
#EXTINF:-1, Ottawa Senators
http://retsports.com/nhl/Senators.php
#EXTINF:-1, Boston Bruins
http://retsports.com/nhl/Bruins.php
#EXTINF:-1, Carolina Hurricanes
http://retsports.com/nhl/Hurricanes.php
#EXTINF:-1, New Jersey Devils
http://retsports.com/nhl/Devils.php
#EXTINF:-1, Toronto Maple Leafs
http://retsports.com/nhl/Leafs.php
#EXTINF:-1, Tampa Bay Lightning
http://retsports.com/nhl/Lightning.php
#EXTINF:-1, New York Rangers
http://retsports.com/nhl/Rangers.php
#EXTINF:-1, New York Islanders
http://retsports.com/nhl/Islanders.php
#EXTINF:-1, Pittsburgh Penguins
http://retsports.com/nhl/Penguins.php
#EXTINF:-1, Buffalo Sabres
http://retsports.com/nhl/Sabres.php
#EXTINF:-1, Washington Capitals
http://retsports.com/nhl/Capitals.php
#EXTINF:-1, Florida Panthers
http://retsports.com/nhl/Panthers.php
#EXTINF:-1, Philadelphia Flyers
http://retsports.com/nhl/Flyers.php
#EXTINF:-1, Montreal Canadiens
http://retsports.com/nhl/Canadiens.php
#EXTINF:-1, Columbus Blue Jackets
http://retsports.com/nhl/Jackets.php
#EXTINF:-1, Vegas Golden Knights
http://retsports.com/nhl/Knights.php
#EXTINF:-1, Dallas Stars
http://retsports.com/nhl/Stars.php
#EXTINF:-1, Los Angeles Kings
http://retsports.com/nhl/Kings.php
#EXTINF:-1, Edmonton Oilers
http://retsports.com/nhl/Oilers.php
#EXTINF:-1, Colorado Avalanche
http://retsports.com/nhl/Avalanche.php
#EXTINF:-1, Minnesota Wild
http://retsports.com/nhl/Wild.php
#EXTINF:-1, Seattle Kraken
http://retsports.com/nhl/Jets.php
#EXTINF:-1, Seattle Kraken
http://retsports.com/nhl/Kraken.php
#EXTINF:-1, Calgary Flames
http://retsports.com/nhl/Flames.php
#EXTINF:-, Nashville Predators
http://retsports.com/nhl/Predators.php
#EXTINF:-1, St. Louis Blues
http://retsports.com/nhl/Blues.php
#EXTINF:-1, San Jose Sharks
http://retsports.com/nhl/Sharks.php
#EXTINF:-1, Chicago Blackhawks
http://retsports.com/nhl/Blackhawks.php
#EXTINF:-1, Anaheim Ducks
http://retsports.com/nhl/Ducks.php
